“Don’t let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.” – Unknown
“Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about.” – Winston Churchill
“You can have results or excuses. Not both.” – Unknown
“Someone’s opinion of you doesn’t have to become your reality.” – Les Brown
“Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.” – Les Brown
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” – Joshua J. Marine
“You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.” – Andrew Murphy
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who matter don’t mind and those who mind don’t matter.” – Dr Seuss
“One person can make a difference and everybody should try.” – John Kennedy
“Failure doesn’t come from falling down. Failure comes from not getting up.” – Unknown
“Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who do anything to make it happen.” – Unknown
“To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.” – Bruce Lee
“Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.” – Jack Canfield
“If you don’t build your dreams, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.”
“Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. it means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.” – Unknown
“When you wake up in the morning you have two choices;  go back to sleep and dream your dreams or wake up and chase your dreams.” – Unknown
“You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.”  – Christopher Columbus
“Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.” – Jesus
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.” –Ralph Waldo Emerson
“We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller
“Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great.” – Orison Swett Marden
“Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can.”  – Arthur Ashe
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” – Les Brown
“There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.” – David Burns
“A problem is only a problem when viewed as a problem.” – Unknown
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” – Unknown
“In the end we only regret the chances we didn’t take.” – Unknown
“It doesn’t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are
going.” – Brian Tracy
“The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.” – Unknown
“You can make excuses all you want. But at the end of the day all you’ll have are poor excuses and another wasted day.” – Unknown
“If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.” – William Arthur Ward
“Even the darkest nights will end and the sun will rise.” – Unknown
“Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.” –Jamie Paolinetti
“The beautiful thing about fear is that when you run to it, it runs away.” – Robin Sharma
“Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet. Cherish them…” – Unknown
“Worrying does not empty tomorrow of its troubles. It empties today of its strength.” – Corrie Ten Boom
“It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” –Abraham Lincoln
“Our greatest glory lies not in never failing but in rising every time we fail.” – Confucius
“Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind.” – Seneca
“The brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They are there to stop the other people!” – Randy Pausch
“Don’t be afraid to stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.” –  Andy Biersack
“Forget all the reasons it won’t work and believe the one reason that it will.” – Unknown
“Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don’t have a plan.” – Larry Winget
“The biggest failure you can have in life is making the mistake of never trying at all.” – Unknown
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is all you need.” – Unknown
“Live life to the fullest” – Unknown
“Consistency is key” – Unknown
“Do and be 1% better today than you were yesterday” – Unknown
“Never give up” – Unknown
“Time is the one resource you cannot get back” – Unknown